chore(forms): add Blocks example (#3608)
dnbexperience/eufemia: packages/dnb-design-system-portal/src/docs/uilib/extensions/forms/blocks/all-blocks.mdx

---
title: 'All blocks'
hideInMenu: true
breadcrumb:
  - text: Forms
    href: /uilib/extensions/forms/
  - text: All block
    href: /uilib/extensions/forms/all-block/
---

import { Category } from './Examples'

# Blocks

> These blocks are in an alfa state and are not yet ready for production use. Get in touch with us if you are interested in using them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These blocks are in an alpha state and are not yet production ready. Get in touch with us if you are interested in using them.
```
